---
title: "My Cowardly Thoughts"
last_modified_at: 2020-01-10T16:20:02-05:00
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - darkness
  - thoughts

---
The light came on the screen, my thoughts scurried in fright.
My thoughts' craven and cowardly flight should have been forseen, since it was a norm by this point, but it still stung and this time it felt particularly like a betrayal because I had an impression that my thought and I had been through something significant during the last horrendous week.
So my thoughts running away as if in denial of that experience if not my existence felt very much like a betrayal and hurt my feeling a great deal.

I have realize pretty early that my thoughts love the darkness, which is why they becomes extraordinarily loud and bold when I shut my eyes to sleep. It also matters that they are quite often the festering kinds. Since light stops the unhealthy growth of my thoughts, they are not keen on the exposure.
So when I open my laptop and the light from the screen passes the retinas of my eyes my thoughts scatter and scrum to the backwater of my skull.
---
title: Aphra
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - writing
  - flash fiction
---

Aphra likes to read a good story, Aphra was adamant on that.
"It has to be good." She put down her cup to make her point absolutely clear.
"I don't like any of those post modern bull horns if you know what I mean."
Roy didn't know what she meant, but did know not to take the bait. HE was adamant on that he shouldn't stay in this cozy room any second longer. The house smelled like a combination of flower, wool, and mint; it was beyond him to decide if he liked the smell or not.

Roy didn't want to take a seat in the first place; but after living in a quaint little Irish town for last six month, the critical thinking ability of his arse was not what it used to be.
"Yes, you are very right. I understand. All I want is your consent saying that I can tell Lucy's story and use some of these photos."
 Fanning the photos of Aphra and her Irish shepherd like a magician doing card trick Roy became embarrassed.
