it was a good day, more so because there was ups and down but I feel like I landed on a good note most of the time. 

I wasn't most enthusiastic about the run in the morning but I went out, had a good run with great view of the city, sun rise as well as the moon and the night view. Came back, didn't feel most amorous towards B but we were together in the house getting along. 
Watched the python tutorials and followed along until I had to go to the dentist. 
I've been dreading and postponing the dentist visit, but I'm glad that I went and pleased that although not without hiccup I came out on a positive note. 
First, I was irked that I had to go all the way to Sillim. But I watched some videos and listened to podcast so the subway journey wasn't bad; and I got off a station before and walked towards the dentist and the walk was nice and it went through the new place although I lived nearby for ages. I had to wait a bit but the place was warm and people were nice. I watched more of the talk. The dentist didn't managed to fit in the permanent crown this time again, and although I went through the procedure it wasn't that painful. I'm glad that I don't have to get any more work done so far. And this trouble of not fitting in the permanent crown yet could be seen in positive light that I get more years with this temporary one and I get free check up in between. So there are many angles that this can be seen in a positive light.  the walk back towards the station was also nice. 
I came back, enjoyed some snack and finished watching one more video. 

I will continue to try with finding the positives because I AM pretty lucky to have a life that is full of one. 
I am most happy today that getting the dentist visit done and also happy about great run and the sunrise, moon, the city views, nice walks and B and my family of course. 

I will continue to study programming as well as human language. 
oh, I should note that at least by #Feb I should start looking into getting income because otherwise it would be too precarious. 

I will also continue to write journals daily.
The left side of my mouth is numb but the right side works fine and the left side will become normal soon, what a fine life (no sarcasm)