Could be bit iffy today. What with the non-running, many back and forth in the head(especially about meeting up with the people), scrolling for cloth and stuff could be dicey but it could also be a good practice for rising above the challenge. 

It was good that I went out even though I didn't run, because 1. I saw beautiful sunrise and the city scape. 2. saw that the shrew is still there 3. listened to some fun podcast. 

When I came back however I didn't go into doing python studying right away and was looking at some articles and googling possible bake good that I can send to mum and what might very well construed as procrastinating. 
Think B noticed that so as he suggested we had a shower and sex. which was great. 

I didn't still go into python however( did do a bit) and ate some apple and boiled egg and still fiddled with the phone and especially that second hand market app(which I could see being addictive so be aware).

Now I'm going out to meet some people. I don't feel all at ease about it but I think this needs to be done so I will be careful as I'm out. 

This is a good challenge for having a good rest day. I will have to be writing and be thoughtful about my thoughts and actions. 

I went out and had meal plus drink with the people. The walk to the restaurant was nice and the meal was nice. I really like Maho and Eunmi and the meal was nice. Even Jan was tolerable. What was bit meh was the second location. Brian and Jan had a bright idea about going to this specific place but the place was closed. So we went to a crowded restaurant & cafe which made me feel uncomfortable. Then this Ahole Jan left to meet someone else and although they had some drinks I wanted I felt uncomfortable so just continued wearing mask. BUT I did enjoyed (mostly) Maho's company and had some good moments. I came out in a not bad mood.
I came back was bit nippy because I felt hemmed in and didn't communicate that well. 

But had some food and things are more settled now. I will miss Maho. And I missed pre pandemic time. But things are not bad. I have relationship with people I care about, love for the city I decided to live and much more. I have love for lots and that is precious. 